hey guys this is deadly I'm going to be
making a quick video to give away my
48-hour guest keys to anybody that wants
them they'll be in the description box
below you know good luck to the first
three people that use those codes and
therefore the war z so for all my Daisy
fans I just want to let you guys know
that I am playing the game again and I
am loving it and it's just so much like
it it's just not playing the game for
four weeks and then coming right back
it's it's just so amazing like it just
brings back all these great memories so
before I release any footage for you
guys I just want to give this away
because i'm also going to be playing the
war z in the Alpha now I've heard a few
things this is I haven't played it yet
so I'm not allowed to share those videos
until the beta rolls out so what I'll do
is I'll probably play the war z all
night and i'll try to build up a video
base for you guys and if i'd like it
then i'll continue to make videos if i
don't like it we'll just stick to Daisy
I've heard from so many people that
Daisy is still you know significantly
better than the war z and that's because
of its engine base apparently people
were telling me it was based on war inc
and not many people know it war inc is
but i actually alpha test that myself
you know I was with TGN at the time and
you know that we were able to you know
get early access to this game because we
had some kind of developer connection
and it was very bad so we'll have to see
but I'm just letting you guys know that
I'm back into this realm of gaming again
just you know dabbling in it as well as
I'm dabbling and wow at the same time
and I just want to make this little
appreciation video for all my loyal
subscribers who are looking to get into
the war z so thanks and see you guys in
the games